Entity info (#1)
gonX/dustforce-wiki: website/_enemies/generic/key.md

---
name: Key
enemygroup: generic
can_hurt: false
can_path: true
hp: 1
sprite_folder_name: key
---

> When killed, will fly to its associated [Door](#enemy-door) and unlock it, making it non-solid so that entities may pass through.

Reviewer: > making it non-solid so that entities may pass through

What does this mean?

Author: I was trying to say that the door goes away, but in more official sounding terms. maybe this would be better?

```suggestion
When killed, will fly to its associated [Door](#enemy-door) and unlock it, causing the door to open so that entities may pass through.
```

Reviewer: That sounds much better.

sprite_folder_name: key
---

> When killed, will fly to its associated [Door](#enemy-door-for-key) and kill it.

Reviewer: Killing a door sounds weird even though it is technically correct in the game. I think it needs better wording.
